## A1: CarBay

This project aims to develop a website where collection lovers can participate and bid in online auctions of famous collection car models.

In today’s world, vintage collections are widely searched and desired by aesthetics enthusiasts. A web-based aggregation system where users can participate in auctions can be of enormous value, allowing them to extend their private car collections or sell their assets in real-time. This idea becomes more relevant since there is no other online system alike for this growing market.

There will be three different types of users, being the first the administrators, who have permissions to manage ongoing auctions, suspending or rescheduling them, to assist or block users and update/delete website content.

Secondly, a registered user can create, as a seller, and participate, as a bidder, in their favourite auctions. These traditional auctions stay available for the time set defined by the seller, and when it closes, the highest bidder wins. Unlike other types of auctions, this one does not increase the time at the final seconds and the ending hour is fixed. Additional features are the “Buy Now” option, which ends the auction right away, setting the maximum allowed bid, or the “Feedback Loop”, which allows the users to give real-time feedback during the auction. Registered users have access to their profiles with their auctions’ history and other related information. The Google authentication API may be provided for the users to log in and use their Google account basic profile information.

Finally, besides being able to browse through past and live auctions, the rest of the website visitors can also see the website content, without being able to explicitly interact with it. The content may be searched and ordered using advanced criteria, for example, by the auctions' highest bids, the creation date, the car model brand, scale, colour or seller, the remaining time, and many other terms.